docs: fix grammatical error in generate-text-embeddings guide (#41187)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/ai/quickstarts/generate-text-embeddings.mdx

      Note the two options we pass to `session.run()`:

      - `mean_pool`: The first option sets `pooling` to `mean`. Pooling refers to how token-level embedding representations are compressed into a single sentence embedding that reflects the meaning of the entire sentence. Average pooling is the most common type of pooling for sentence embeddings.

>       - `normalize`: The second option tells the system to normalize the embedding vector so that it can be used with distance measures like dot product. A normalized vector means its length (magnitude) is 1 - also referred to as a unit vector. A vector is normalized by dividing each element by the vector's length (magnitude), which maintains its direction but changes its length to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - `normalize`: The second option normalizes the embedding vector so that it can be used with distance measures like dot product. A normalized vector means its length (magnitude) is 1 - also referred to as a unit vector. A vector is normalized by dividing each element by the vector's length (magnitude), which maintains its direction but changes its length to 1.
```
